Hi. My name is Wyatt and I'm a grade seven
in Marshview Middle School.
Today I'm going to show some examples
of student on student working.
And I'm going to talk about how we sustain
a sense of community where students
actively work together.
And I really like how
we started this engage a program.
I've done it since I was in grade five.
Tried out a few different things,
but I really like the trades engage
and how it caught my eye
because the trading age I found
really helped me learn a lot of things
for in school and outside of school,
and taught me to work with students
and people a lot better in life.
And I wasn't so bossy and like,
kind of controlling.
So it really taught me a lot.
Like me and my friends that knew
how to do things in that trading age
already.
We're helping people learn,
and we're we were using our own knowledge
to help people, but at the same time,
we were still learning some new stuff
to add on to our knowledge.
And I really liked how
I can come from school
and go to my job that saw it,
and then I can still take that knowledge
that I learned
from the trades, engage,
and go straight to my job.
Like I had to build a shed at my job
the other day and I didn't.
If I wanted to tuck in my trades, engage.
I want to know how to build a wall
for the shed.
And that really helped a lot of us
that we really need.
Like even if we were split into groups,
we would still check on each other
and see if we all needed help.
I really liked how we all work together,
even if we were split into groups,
we still stuck together and work together,
and we tell each other
a lot from each of our knowledge.
And the teacher really helped us out.
But always putting in good words for us
and always saying how good we are,
but still teaching us and giving us that
hard time, but not too hard of a time.
And it really helped me
because it gave me something
to look forward to
when I wanted to come to school, because
before we started this trades engage.
I don't want to come to school
now that we started this trades engage.
I want to come to school all the time.